90% of people at Opening Eye use Codex.
Not 90% of engineers. That's 90% of the
entire company.
>> Yeah. This tweet the other day where you
said that you intend to make Codex the
best desktop app that has ever existed.
>> Yeah. The quality bar for Codex had to
be so high that there was never like a
hesitation that you have opening this
app to do the next thing that this was
your natural choice. Just like people
have kind of come to open a browser tab,
right?
>> That's true. I know there's numbers
constantly coming out about the records
you guys are setting for usage.
>> I don't know. Like we'll see. A lot of
people seem to like the app.
>> Why do you think AI and the top frontier
models are just not good at design?
>> I think design's a little bit harder to
grade because the human aspect of taste
is like part of the feedback mechanism
you need. That is still feeling a little
bit out of reach with the current
technology.
>> What does the shape of product team look
like now versus a couple years ago?
>> Everybody at OpenAI is very agentic, has
great ideas, and so everybody's building
everything. And it's not that people are
doing fundamentally different roles or
focusing on different things. It's that
it's backwards. The implementation is
actually not the expensive part anymore.
It's dare I say taste.
>> You feel like there's this collapse
coming where everyone's everything and
that's just the future or do you think
we're going to continue to be mostly
divided up?
>> There are some things that I'm afraid
of. I've heard a lot of companies be
like we're getting rid of the product
role and everybody's just going to be a
builder and then what happens is
>> today my guest is Andrew Ambercino,
product and engineering lead for the
Codex app at OpenAI. Codeex is quickly
becoming people's go-to app for building
products and also for non-product work
like organizing files in your computer,
drafting documents, doing data analysis,
reading your emails, and a lot more. If
you stick around for the end of this
episode, we actually have a little clip
from after we stopped recording where
the producer in the room started talking
about how he uses Codeex in his editing
work. Since this January, Codeex usage
has grown 6x. They currently have over 5
million weekly active users. I suspect
this number is quickly going to be out
of date. Internally at OpenAI, nearly
100% of their employees use Codeex
weekly. And that is not just the
engineers. Andrew is a designer turned
engineer turned product manager who is
building the app that more and more of
the world is using to build their own
products. Before we get into it, don't
forget to check out lenny's
productpass.com
for a year free of the hottest and most
well-crafted AI products in the world
available exclusively to Lenny's
newsletter subscribers. With that, I
bring you Andrew Ambersino.
Andrew, thank you so much for being
here. Welcome to the podcast.
>> Thank you for having this is a rare
in-person podcast. I rarely do this kind
of thing. We'll see how it goes.
>> We'll see.
>> We'll see people like these more. When
we were preparing for this chat, I asked
you what's the biggest thing you want
people to get out of this conversation
and you said that it was how AI is
changing the shape of product work.
You're working at maybe the most
bleeding edge AI pill software team
there is. So you have a really
interesting lens into where things are
heading, where other teams are going to
be and in a year or two or or more. What
does the shape of product team look like
now versus a couple years ago? One of
the the hardest things to do right now
as a leader
building these products is just sort of
the inversion of the process in my mind
which I think a lot of people have
talked about which is that anybody can
build anything right like I I generally
believe now that starting from scratch
if you talk to these models ours anybody
else's really um
you can stand up whatever feature you
want right And that's not necessarily a
hard part of software, but that's like
that's really cool. And I think that has
created an environment where
people are making all of this, right?
You give people unlimited tokens.
Everybody at OpenI, OpenAI is is very
agentic, has great ideas, and so
everybody's building everything. Whereas
I think, you know, you look back at
product process that we've all run for a
long time, and it's been a little bit
opposite, right? It's been kind of
research ideation maybe there was some
prototyping but it was you know even
when we got past waterfall it was still
kind of flavored of like
the implementation is expensive and so
you what you want to do is you want to
derisk all implementation up front
through documents through research
through prototypes because prototypes
and designs are cheaper was kind of the
the assumption there uh and that's
changed that's like totally changed and
right now I'm sure there are 90
different explorations for there's this
feature that we desperately need to do
that I'm sure there are 90 different
uncoordinated teams like implementing
and trying, right?
>> Um,
>> so I guess the short answer is like it's
it's backwards and it's not that people
are doing fundamentally different roles
or focusing on different things or that
even skill sets have vanished or that
roles have just disappeared. It's that
it's backwards, right? The
implementation is actually not the
expensive part anymore. It's dare I say
taste. Um but it's the curation process.
It's like of those 90 attempts like
what's good about these? What should we
fold into other aspects of this? Right?
How should we frame this? Should it be
part of this other feature? Right? How
many segments should be in the toggle?
Um you know all of those things. This
episode is brought to you by our
season's presenting sponsor, WorkOS.
What do OpenAI, Anthropic, Cursor,
Versell, Replet, Sierra, Clay, and
hundreds of other winning companies all
have in common? They are all powered by
work OS. If you're building a product
for the enterprise, you've felt the pain
of integrating single signon, skim,
arback, audit, logs, and other features
required by large companies. Work OS
turns those deal blockers into drop-in
APIs with a modern developer platform
built specifically for B2B SAS.
Literally every startup that I'm an
investor in that starts to expand up
market ends up working with Work OS. And
that's because they are the best.
Whether you are seedstage startup trying
to land your first enterprise customer
or a unicorn expanding globally, work OS
is the fastest path to becoming
enterprise ready and unblocking growth.
It's essentially Stripe for enterprise
features. Visit works.com to get started
or just hit up their Slack where they
have actual engineers waiting to answer
your questions. Work OS allows you to
build faster with delightful APIs,
comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to works.com to
make your app enterprise ready today.
Taste such a such a buzz word. I want to
come back to that. Uh this idea of 90
prototypes. So interesting. So just to
make sure I understand that. So there's
an idea out there floating around
OpenAI. What people used to do is write
docs. Yeah. Here's what we're going to
build. Here's the feature. Here's the
strategies. P. Today what you're
describing which makes all the sense is
people just create a prototype and what
you're saying is people across the
company have kind of similar ideas and
now instead of a dock they create their
little prototype and that leads to kind
of 90 different things people can look
at and maybe pick here's a direction we
want to go down. Is that idea?
>> There's a lot of this um and you know
it's not just happening here like you've
seen many product leaders say PRDS are
dead prototypes are in and I actually
don't believe this at all. I think that
one of the interesting things that is
happening right now is that because
implementation has gotten so cheap
across every medium. It's very tempting
to jump straight to a prototype,
especially if you're not an engineer,
right? Especially if you've never been
able to write code or never been
interested or never had the time. It's
really tempting to say like PRDs are
dead. Let me just show you what I mean.
Right? What I've also noticed though is
that for engineers, it's really tempting
to write a lot of documents, a lot of
documents that are not worth reading.
Um, this is no shade on people writing
documents. It's that if implementation
is abundant,
then it's really important to pick the
right format for the point you're trying
to make. If that point is product
clarity around a vague area, then it
might actually be a document. If what
you're trying to do is get something in
people's hands to try out and to stress
test an interaction pattern, it's a
prototype. But I think like this is kind
of the funny thing now, which is that
like it's really important to pick the
medium.
>> There's this uh term that a podcast
guest shared that I think about when you
say this uh which is it's called the
primal mark. when a designer or a
painter or an artist just creates the
first mark on on a painting or a piece
of art,
that mark is what you start to respond
to. And so everything kind of trickles
down from that first mark you make. And
what I'm hearing you saying is sometimes
the prototype is the wrong first thing
to do because then you're just
responding to this prototype versus a
different idea versus a bigger idea. So
I love hearing this. So like everyone's
just like, "Okay, forget it. No more
writing, no more docs, no more
purviews." You're saying they're
actually still useful for specific use
cases.
>> Yeah. I I I think too there's this part
of the previous world was that the
medium implied it had baked in a lot of
a lot of signal around where in the
process something was right. So if
you're seeing something that feels like
the app in production that means that
it's late in the process that
assumptions have been derisked that you
know design is looked at this that this
is a good business goal right and now
those things are sort of divorced right
and the reason it was that way is
because it was hard to get resources to
build the thing until it was properly
derised and now that's like just out the
window right and so I think it's really
important to start saying look we can
have prototypes we can have documents Is
it are we clear around what this is
doing? Right? Because to your point, you
do not want to over anchor on this thing
that was meant to be an exploration, but
now it looks so production ready that
like, oh, visually it's ready for prod,
but it's not actually the right model of
of where the research is going or what
users are asking for or what's right for
the business, right? Not to overdo the
taste thing, but it's like it's once
again it's like the taste to know like
what to work on, how to present that
information, like how to achieve the
goals, what medium to use is emerging as
like the most important thing to do. And
that's it. That's that's in every field.
What is taste when you talk about good
taste? Is it is it what you describe
deciding here's the thing we're going to
invest in? Is it also once you have a
thing, is this right? Is this the thing
to ship? talk about when you think about
what is good taste, good judgment, what
is what does that concretely? Cuz people
hear this word, they're like, "Oh, I
have good taste. I know it. What does it
look like in practice?"
>> Yeah. Um, it's funny. There was a tweet
I'm too online. There there was a tweet,
I think it was yesterday from the head
of product at linear. I might be getting
that wrong. Sorry to anybody who said
people overemphasize the aesthetic part
of what taste means. and they used um
Paul Graham's Craig, but they used him
as an example saying Paul Graham clearly
has great taste and wears cargo shorts,
right? Like, you know, we gota we got to
like tease out what taste means a little
bit. Um and and there's a lot of nuance
here. I think it's all of the above to
to what you mentioned. It's it's the
like there is an aesthetic part to it.
Um but there's also a a systems thinking
part of it. Like how does this fit in
the system? There's a where are we going
and how like what what theme is this
part of? There's how to present this. A
lot of it is wider context and you know
obviously there are parts of taste that
are like okay this interaction animation
doesn't fit in the semantic meaning it's
supposed to, right? Like it's too snappy
for what it's actually trying to convey.
And that's incredibly important and I
focus probably too much on that. Um, but
there's there's like the the like what
should what should this be like if we
can build anything like what's what's
the what's the goal here and how do we
how do we get there that I think is like
actually the real taste question here.
>> When I when I hear things like this I
always wonder where will human brains
continue to be valuable as AI becomes
stronger and better and doing and doing
more of of the work and it feels like
taste is is a part of it. Something I
think about along these lines is just AI
is still very bad at actual design.
Like the output of AI is not great.
>> Yeah.
>> Rarely is it like this is it, they
nailed it. Y and it's always like, oh,
this is cloud design. This is codeex
design. Why do you think AI and the top
frontier models are just not good at
design today? Yeah.
>> And do you think they'll get there? Do
you think we'll get to a place of like,
holy moly, we're done?
>> Yeah. I tend to to think that there are
some practical reasons why it's lagged
and also some harder problems to crack.
I'm not in our research or like I'm sure
I'll get yelled at for saying this. I
think design's a little bit harder to
grade um than than software and that you
know creating a loop where you can train
the model on like what's good design and
what's bad design is just a little bit
more tedious and ownorous than you know
does the code compile does it you know
do do what it's supposed to right it
because the human aspect of taste is is
like part of the feedback mechanism you
need I also think that uh the labs
historically invest in making their
models good at things that accelerates
AI research and that in the era the
early era of coding models is very clear
that the model being able to write
correct code would accelerate research
right in a way that
you can't really make the same case for
design. Not that getting good at design
isn't important, it's that it's not
directly in that that flywheel, right?
Um those are practical reasons and I you
know those will go away like these
models will get pretty good at design.
There are some kind of murkier things
that is is going to be really tough. Um
like I have kind of a short list of
them. One is there is an aspect of of
culture to what is considered good
design in that you remember it was
probably what last year where like every
new website that came out was just a
copy of linear's website right like
linear's website great design great
taste like if a model did that I'd be
like wow this is incredible leaps here
right if I have a model that outputs
linear's website every time that's not
the challenge here right um there's 's
an amount of like novelty that is more
important in design than it actually is
in software engineering. Like software
engineering, you almost you almost want
it to overindex unknown patterns, right?
Whereas design it's like no, there's an
element of randomness here and and
novelty, right? There's also the you
know to me like I I spent a lot of time
writing code or you know supervising
code on the early codeex app and even as
the models get good at design there's
sort of a an abstraction layer that is
an interplay between the software design
and the code it's being written. Like
this thing over here in this corner
should share x y and z in the codebase
with this thing down here. Right? And
that's a little bit different than
saying the model needs to be a better
designer especially on the like you know
that's not visual that is visual design
but it is significantly deeper. It's
about the abstractions in that like oh
if tomorrow our company did a rebrand.
The shallow version of this is that we
have to you know update 263 components
one by one. The deep version is like the
semantics between these two things that
look different like they're both in list
that have the like this style that
convey this interaction pattern to the
user and I think like that is still
feeling a little bit out out of reach
with the current technology right that
abstraction layer. So I think you know
as as we've gone through this process
right of you know we started the Codex
app in uh November and
we weren't using it full-time now we use
it for everything that's been a journey
but now it's like the things that we
actually do while using it are different
things. So what was the question?
>> I know that was that was an amazing
answer. Uh, speaking of design and being
creative, the Codex app when it came
out, it's like such a new thing. Yeah.
That nobody has had seen before. It's
like not a terminal thing. It's not an
ID thing. It's like this chat thing that
codes and you could see code.
>> Yeah.
>> To your point, it feels like it'd be a
hard for AI to be like here's a whole
new paradigm for how to code. And that
feels like where human brains continue
to be valuable for now is like
creativity almost and coming up with
something new versus like a patterns of
things that have been done before.
>> Yeah. I mean, I totally agree. Let's
give it up for the human brain
>> for now. As we were getting ready for
this, you said that you were listening
to the episode of Jenny, who is the head
of design for clock code and co-work and
such, and she had this whole kind of
thesis that the design process is dead.
There's no time for design. Things are
moving too fast.
>> Uh, just build now and design is kind of
steering things as things move along.
You're implying you have kind of a
different perspective on the design
process.
>> We probably agree on on a lot of this,
Jenny and I. I wasn't a fan of the
design like the design process proper. I
agree with with her take that it is it
is dead and I genuinely was not a fan of
this process before AI like I I
>> can you describe the process real quick
just from people think about the design.
So I mean I when I read a startup a
number of years ago, we we would you
know do design hiring and there was this
sort of snarky article that came out
about like the case study factory and it
was it was like midsurp era stuff,
right? And it was that designers are
being taught about this process and
valuing that above all else, above all
outcomes even, right? And if something
went through this process that two
things were true. one, it would be good
and the process would guarantee quality
and guarantee impact and also that if
something the thing was good if it went
through that process even if you don't
like it and nobody uses it. It's like
the process was you know of of user
research and the divergence and the
convergence. It's the right framework.
It was always a little academic, but I
think
I think this is really exposing some
areas where it falls down, especially
because of the speed of implementation.
And like once again, like that process
is sort of predicated on the assumption
that implementation is expensive and
that you can really only afford to build
once. And so you need to fully like
exhaustively go through the problem
space and the solution space before
implementing, right? And that you and
and then like kind of we saw with like
you know Figma and Origami and all of
these tools that you can fast forward
some of the insights by pulling
interactive prototypes earlier into the
process, right? that you can, you know,
simulate production and like, you know,
there ended up being sort of a meme
about executives just being like, well,
can we just do a prototype and then like
expect it to, you know, work. But, but
this thing was real, right? That this
became part of the the design process
proper, right? We pulled prototyping
into that. The problem now is that you
can pull all of the implementation into
that.
And there's a mismatch between I think a
lot of assumptions again like you see
this fully polished prototype that looks
like it's ready to go out the door and
enough people at a company see that and
they're like can we can we release this
now but the appropriate like we're
actually in that early design process
stage and nobody's just saying that
right like this is this is where we are
with like a bunch of like multiplayer
exploration right you know 90 people
will have this idea it'll look really
polished but it's like no this is
actually that that's the design process
now, right? Tying the design process to
mediums, media, uh like that's the scary
part. It's that designers have more
tools now to do this process with,
right? You can put stuff into the
current product and you can AB test it
or just, you know, use that as a
prototype. Um many companies right now
have this idea of like a baby version of
the product like baby cursor. You've
seen this on Twitter like we have baby
codecs, right? a dramatically simplified
codebase that approximates all of the
interactions of the production app and
therefore is a lot quicker to vibe code
over, right? Because you can be like,
well, what if the sidebar worked like
this or what if a pain came in and had
like a group chat here? What if XYZ,
right? That's like a huge tool that's
part of the design process. So to say
the design process is dead, I feel like
it's both true and false, right? It's
that if you are if you are tied to the
tools in the ex like the spec the exact
like day-to-day specifics of the process
then yeah it's dead like you're not
going to have a good time but to throw
the process out completely or throw like
the overlay of the process the like hey
we're at this point in the process like
that is still more important than ever
it's it's really interesting because you
have a background in every function if
people look at your LinkedIn it's like
engineer designer product manager
founder uh now You oversee the desktop
app and I think design is not under your
perfume. Is that right? Is there like a
separate design team or are they under
your
>> depends on the week?
>> Okay, good.
>> We work very closely together. Like we
believe in all sitting together being
embedded like I reporting lane. I don't
>> they sh the shift weekly. What does the
design process look like on on the
codeex?
>> Yeah, there's been a lot written about
ro collapse, existential role collapse.
There are no roles anymore. We haven't
seen that. Um we've we have seen more
role collapse in the codeex org um than
I think other parts of the company and
other parts of the economy. I think part
of this is that this was a technical
product for engineers and so our
designers speak engineer right our
product managers speak technical
language and write code. Alexander has a
master's degree in computer science,
which is I do not have a master's degree
in computer science. Like, so we've seen
a lot of role collapse and and I think
that, you know, one of
one of the ways that we describe how the
groups work together is that there's
significantly more overlap in the roles
than there used to be. And everybody's
sort of defined less by the fence and
the boundaries of where design stops and
engineering starts, but more the average
of where they're working, right? So
like, you know, if you average up all of
the things that somebody on our design
team does, there's plenty of codew
writing things. There's plenty of things
that are product work, but on average,
like their dots over here, right? If you
draw you draw it out on a diagram, and
this sort of speaks to the process, too.
Um, especially because
the entirety of the critics app has been
informed by the dog fooding loop. There
is a desire among all of us to try to do
as much as possible in the app even when
it's not the best tool so that it can
become the best tool. And so a lot of
design we all work on by using the app
and say okay what's broken about this?
This is a whole thing we do which is
that we we often don't improve our
process so that we can make the product
better to do it which is a deeply like
uncomfortable place to be in but you
know week to week it's changing. I love
this point so much that uh like what are
you? It's your role is the average of
what you spend your time on. If most of
your work is PM work, then okay, you're
a PM for now.
>> Yeah.
>> If it's engineering, you're an engineer
for now.
>> I feel like was OpenAI the first company
to uh call people member of technical
staff.
>> No, I I believe that this this might
have started with Xerox. First company I
interned at, it was a company called Up
There did the same thing.
>> This has been around, but it's it's it's
much more common now. you know, it is
kind of a tradition in research focused
companies,
>> right? Okay, got it. So, it emerged from
research, but I feel like it's such a I
don't know sign of where things might be
headed. This idea of uh we're just going
to call everyone me member of technical
staff. Your function isn't set. You're
not like in this bucket of the PM or
theorg of the design or do you feel like
that's where we all head long term? Do
you feel like functions will continue to
exist? Like there's still the PM skill
set and the NG skill set and the design
skill set.
>> Yeah.
>> And people are I'm a designer or do you
think this is like like people call it
builder? Do you feel like there's this
collapse coming where everyone's
everything and that's just the future or
do you think we're going to continue to
be mostly divided up in? There are there
are some things that I'm afraid of. And
I think that, you know, some some
companies
like to be very extreme about getting
onto the bandwagon of whatever people
say is going to happen. And I think part
of the danger in eliminating the concept
of roles is that it can dangerously
eliminate the idea that things are
specialties with knowable best
practices, right? I I've heard a lot of
companies be like, we're getting rid of
the product role, which I think is, by
the way, a terrible idea. Um, and
everybody's just going to be like a
builder. And then what happens is they
don't like this whole discipline of
product that's been built up and has
like real best practices, real things
that have been tried and failed and like
real processes like that just gets
abandoned because people are like, "Oh,
I wrote some code, right?" Like that's
not a great place to be in. I think that
the boundary of like so and so like this
isn't your lane. I I welcome that part
going away, but there's a balance here
where it's like not everyone can work on
everything for one, both in terms of
breath and depth, right? Like this is
why managers are not going to go away.
Um, not everybody can work on everything
and also like every discipline has a
skill component to it, which I think a
lot of engineers are guilty of not
recognizing that like well engineering
is a skill to it. it's writing code and
like other roles are just people vibing.
It's like no that's not how it works,
right? Um like yes, you can use Excel
you but you cannot work on the finance
team, right? That is like that kind of
stuff, right?
>> Yeah. I think there's also just like do
you want to be doing this work? Do I
want to be
>> I think more of it that actually now is
like it's easier to switch roles. It's
easier to learn the best practices. It's
easier to not tie your effectiveness in
a role with the ability to use the exact
tool, right? It's more of like can you
get yourself into this mindset, learn
which things work and which don't and
then like focus on it, right? Like I I
spent so long feeling like I should not
be a software engineer because I didn't
care about like assembly language or
memorizing TypeScript syntax, you know?
And it's like there have always been
parts of these roles that are that sort
of gatekeeping that are like, well, no,
this like being good at this role is
being good at this tool. And I think
that's what's kind of starting to erode.
I just don't I I think people take this
they hyperbolize all of this.
>> What does your team look like on on on
the Codeex team? How many engineers,
designers, PMS? What's kind of like the
makeup of the team right now?
>> Every time people ask me like how many
people are on the Codex team, do you
remember my answer to this? Yeah, I I'm
like it's somewhere between 10 and a few
thousand. I mean, it's like a fake
answer, but it's it's real in that we do
see this as the culmination of
>> what everybody works on here. Like
everything that goes into model
research, everything that goes into how
you know models are good at kua and
browser use, everything about how you
know model personality, all of the
product work around you know front-end
infrastructure, all of the user like all
of it is this product. At the same time
we are not accepting PRs daily from
thousands and thousands of people on
whatever they want. Um so we got a team
uh double digits of engineers probably
half that on the design side. um you
know few product people although you
know product tier is kind of more of his
own defense play and I think one thing
that is very common around among
everybody on the codics side or or on
the desktop side is agency and taste
right a lot of former founders or people
who were at larger companies doing
founder shaped things um a lot of people
with with immense taste at openi we let
teams get very large so we haven't that
hey there's no management but like the
teams are quite large right it's mostly
IC's um and I think that's good
>> you use this term zone defense for
product work and I think that's really
interesting it kind of maps to the
design kind of shift also just like
you're there to kind of manage and
coordinate talk a little bit more about
what that looks like what does zone
defense look like for a product person
>> yeah and I I have had a lot of
conversations with with Alexander about
this this analogy which is that like if
two product people are working too
closely that's often not a good signal
And that like you kind of want like as a
product or you sort of want to do this
like forced directed activity where
you're like where are the gaps
especially in this new world where
curation and like you know steering and
alignment is a lot of things where
you're like there's a ton of chaos
happening on people throwing ideas all
over the place right the whole like top
down you know year-long planning thing
not going to work and so now it's like
we need the taste makers to guide things
from incept ception to what the product
should be. And that means you basically
want company coverage. And so you spread
out and you say, "All right, who's like
who's best at what? Let's create some
space between us so that we got full
coverage, right?" And that's kind of how
it goes. And then you fill in the gaps
and you're like, "Look, like we want to
hire engineers who are product minded.
Like we don't we don't want it to be
that, you know, we've got a bunch of
people writing a bunch of code that
needs like full team reviewing it for
like product coherence, right? Like we
want everyone to have these skills, but
I think like what people go deep on has
to change, right?
>> This is definitely a thread I've been
noticing over and over with talking to
folks like you is the the most valuable
person right now, one of the most
valuable is someone that could take an
idea from idea to done with the taste to
know this is great. Just like shephering
throughout this obsession with making it
awesome like this kind of high agency,
high taste person. Exactly. as you
described, is that is that kind of the
way you think about here's who we're
hiring, here's who's going to do really
well in this new world?
>> Yeah, I think that that's that's the
core piece right now. And it it also
speaks to how I sort of see IC versus
management, which is that it's not that
management is going away. It's not that
everyone's an IC, but like everyone's
kind of both now, right? If you're an
IC, you're not typing code out character
by character, right? like you are
managing something you're managing
agents you're managing you know like
you're managing work that is happening
right that comes together to do a
certain thing if you're a manager of
teams you're doing the same thing just
at a different like different
granularity right I generally look for
like obviously command over the
discipline but then the taste to say
like hey you're going to have unlimited
tokens and I don't like we can't just be
doing slop like you need to be able to
determine what's signal, what's noise,
like in a world of just infinite
content.
>> Mentioned planning uh at the pace things
are moving. It's become very hard to
plan road maps. Yeah,
>> I imagine especially in our world.
>> Uh
>> people are very frustrated with me all
the time on this. Yes.
>> Because things are just constantly
shipping, things are changing, right?
How do you plan on on on your team?
What's kind of like how far ahead are
you thinking and what does a plan look
like? Is it like a spreadsheet? Is it an
MD file? What what's kind of the output
of a plan? Yeah, I I don't think we do
anything revolutionary on that. We're
not clever about planning. I think like
the basic gist is the shorter term
something is, the more detail it needs.
And then it's not that we don't plan for
9 months out, it's that that just has to
stay very hazy because any amount of
precision that you add to a 9-month plan
right now is false precision. And like
you're just going to waste time. Like
you can say stuff, right? But like
nothing that we planned. I think
research is different. So I'm not
speaking for research here but like on
the applied side when we do product like
anything that you could have planned in
November may have been true for December
but like isn't what happened right so
it's hard like it is really hard to do
planning we generally need to know like
what do we think models are able to do
on what timeline and my last company I
kind of saw this shift where we were
starting to use the models to drive
features and the product process fell
down. It basically had to be like, let's
list out all of the things that we think
we are interested in doing for the next
year or two. Let's prototype all of
them, decide which things are ready now,
and then just let the others sit and
bake, and then every time there's like a
new leap in models, let's try that thing
again with it swapped out. because like
the whole premise of whether features
were good or not were based on whether
they were smart enough, not the shape of
them.
>> So this is a great story about the Codex
app. I like I am very confident that the
Codex app that we released in February,
if that had been ready in November, it
would have absolutely failed in the
market and that that the only difference
was the models between November and
February, right? And I I think like
there's a lot to that that this product
with the exact same shape I think would
have like it's it's outcomes were
totally different depending on just a
few months of timing. This episode is
brought to you by Mercury. Radically
different banking loved by over 300,000
entrepreneurs and now with command. I've
been a customer of Mercury's for over 6
years. I have never once thought about
leaving. Mercury is basically what
happens when banking is built by product
people, not by bankers. They make it so
easy, dare I say fun, to send invoices,
move money around, set up virtual cards
for folks on my team. Does your bank
have an API, a terminal native CLI or an
AI ready MCP server? I don't think so.
And just recently, they launched
Command, a conversational interface
built directly into Mercury, which acts
as your financial operator. I've been
using Command to transfer money around
to figure out what categories I've been
spending the most money in, analyze my
cash flows, and just today I used it to
find out how much I've made from a
specific sponsor over the past year. I
just ask, "How much have I made from X
over the past year?" 10 seconds later, I
have an answer. It is so freaking cool.
Visit mercury.com to learn more and
apply online in minutes. Mercury is a
fintech company, not an FDICsured bank.
banking services provided through Choice
Financial Group and column NA members
FDIC.
This is definitely a thread on this
podcast is build things that are not yet
working then will work when the model
gets better. And there's this kind of
other thread of ambition. Be more
ambitious with the things you take on.
So is this just like a way you approach
things just like let's just build a
bunch of things that may not work yet.
We'll just have them around and wait for
a model to catch up. Is that kind of the
approach?
>> Yeah, I think we have a lot of that. I
think sometimes the challenge is like
you have to be very clear again about
what stage of the design process that's
in. People still have this muscle memory
of like, oh, I wrote the code for this
thing, therefore we should put it out
there. It's like, no, no, no, that means
you have an artifact now that we can
test against for into future models,
right? Um, this happened with the inapp
browser in the app that we have, right?
Like we had a a kind of a working
version. I mean, go back to Atlas, we
had agent working inside of Atlas and,
you know, that was pretty cool. We had
operator before that in chatbt, right?
That didn't work out. Very cool idea.
Like there's some thread that you can
draw between operator atlas codeex
chatbt that's like fundamentally the
same feature, but the re-releasing of it
with different intelligence totally
changes the outcome here. And so I push
people not to be stubborn about like no
this isn't working so it's a bad
feature. Like no, it might not be ready
yet. Um there's also this aspect of
especially in research there's always a
desire to be the most ambitious and to
say okay but at the limit the model can
just do this and it just doesn't work on
the product side like if you if you go
back to the original Codex release
basically what it was is it said it was
codex web and it wasn't good for
interacting with it was like you give
the model a task and it's going to go
off do the task come back to you with
finished like doesn't sound that
radical. The problem is like it didn't
do the task that well. Like it wrote
code. It was it was it was good but it
was like that form factor was too early
and then the cloud code comes out
totally local like not hooked up to the
cloud. Um doesn't pretend to be as it's
not as agipel right it's like going to
ask you questions it's going to sit
there you can't just delegate your life
to it. That worked way better right
because that's the point that the models
were at there right? So we were like we
were too agi pilled for the moment. And
I think like I I think about that lesson
a lot on this stuff. It used to be that
you know Bailey and market told you all
these things about the shape of the
product about the communication of the
product and now it's like no you might
need to release this thing six different
times before it works and that might
like the shape might not change at all.
There's like it's so interesting to hear
about all the variables you have to
think about building product. Now
there's the timeline for the models and
the research and how smart it gets.
there's like people's ability to even
understand this is how you could build
software in the cloud and this is the
future like get people prepared for this
new future and then just uh what you can
build as a team and I love that codeex
example cuz comes back to this idea of
ambition and I want to hear if there's
anything there for you of just this
threat of just be more ambitious because
these models can do so much more than
you even imagine and sometimes it's too
ambitious for the market and they're not
ready for it but you think about that at
all just like pushing your team to be
more ambitious because it's so much
easier to just do things that may be
felt crazy hard in a fast.
>> Yeah, this is a core challenge. Once
once there's a product that exists or a
feature that exists, it's really easy
for people to find paper cuts and
>> optimize
>> and they should and people on Twitter
like to remind us of this and I thank
them for that. Like people should be
focused on the features that exist and
making them more reliable and better.
But this, you know, this is why we also
have a culture of bottoms up exploration
here because sometimes in the same way
the Codex app came and disrupted Chachup
T in some way, right? This thing will
get disrupted by a future effort and
that's that's part of the design is that
like you can't always as one team be
good at both the disruptive piece and
the like maintaining a product and its
quality piece. Some point to design a
process that allows for both. kind of
zooming out a little bit. If you think
about the progression that we've been on
of uh AI impacting how we build product,
it's like insane how far we've come
from, as you said, we used to write all
our code by hand, like artisally created
human code to AI writing 100% of our
code to you actually put it this way
that now like coding is steering the AI
and like when you think about what
percentage of my code is written by AI,
it's almost like how many times did I
have to steer it in the right direction
is the AU version of coding. And now
that there's like agents and loops and
all these things, what's kind of the
latest frontier from what you've seen of
how people are building is is it loops?
Is there something else of just like the
most AI AI forward teams? Here's how
they operate now that people may not be
aware of.
>> Yeah, I mean loops are so last week,
man. I mean, we we talked about this.
Um, you know, one of the big questions
is always, well, how much of the product
is AI written? And
it's always hard to answer that question
cuz if you're using the goalposts from
last year, it's like, well, 100% of our
product right now is AI written code. So
the question is more like, well, okay,
fine. Is is the code written supervised
versus unsupervised, right? And that's
like a totally different thing. I
welcome the moving of goalposts because
that means we're making product
progress. There have been a lot of
explorations here around like autonomous
autonomously developed software. um a
lot of like harness engineering stuff, a
lot of different explorations. I'm like,
okay, well, what if you came in
overnight and did garbage collection of
the codebase to clean it up, right? One
thing that I think all models suffer
with right now is just they they usually
increase complexity. If research is
listening at any company, please make
the models better at deleting code. Um
but you know, that becomes a problem
right now when you try to put
development completely on autopilot. Um,
and it's both on the the human side and
the codebase side. So like feature
requests, right? You know, how do you
teach a model which features to build,
which ones to ignore, which ones to kind
of like group together and reframe a
little bit? How do you teach a model how
to build the right abstractions, right?
Like all of this is getting better. Um,
I don't think we're at a place yet where
we're like, we're just got to set up a
loop that's like improve the app, you
know, and listens to Twitter and listens
to Slack and listens to email and like
we're not there yet, but we are we are
we're trying to make it happen.
>> Do you think we'll get there? Do you
think we'll get to a place where it's
just like grow like win
>> slashgoal make money like make me a
billion dollars?
>> Win win the market.
>> I don't know, man. Like I
>> I am not in the business of saying
>> never or always or whatever.
>> Yeah. How are you using AI in your work
as product leader, engine leader?
>> What are some ways that you use it that
maybe people may not be aware they can
use the app for?
>> Yeah, I I think I have the best job in
in the world right now. Um, but one of
the things that makes it very fun is
that when we were developing the
original codeex app, the goal for me
personally was to make it the thing that
I wrote the code with, right? I was
like, I need to make this so good at
development that I can build the code
app with this. And the codeex app at
that time was a development tool, right?
And we did that like super quick dog
fooding loop because you got your
personal dog fooding loop where you're
like, oh, like I can't do this thing. I
should fix that. so that I can do the
thing. Now I can do the thing. Now I can
do more things, right? Um you know we
released that and then the next
challenge was hey people are starting to
do some different shaped things with
this right and now I you know need to
grow this and so I need to hire a few
people and help. So then like my role
changed at the same time that the role
of the app needed to change. So I'm like
okay I need to do more product discovery
here. I need to figure out the right
loops for seeing what everybody's
working on and steering things that are
off track. And so all of a sudden that's
what I started using the Codex app for,
right? I did still write code. Like I've
I've tried to align my own usage of it
with the problem that we're trying to
solve, right? And now I'm like, I need
to build a spreadsheet that models this
out. I need to kind of do a, you know,
internal deep research on all of the
efforts that have gone into this area of
research for the next version of this.
There's a release or a series of
releases in Mayish that introduced the
inapp browser computer use and artifact
creation to the Codex app. That was I
think our Codex's for almost everyone
release and everybody knows the term
vibe coding. I think that was like our
first five coordinated release where
like I had a a you know notion doc
somewhere with everything that needed to
happen and I was like automating like
going out to gather updates from pull
requests from Slack channels and like
updating the status tracker and like now
this is pretty common place. Um but at
the time I felt like I was at the
bleeding edge of like how to manage a
product release. In short, like the way
that I use the Codex app is basically
like what what has my job grown into and
how do I make this thing able to do
everything I need to do? Um, I will get
up in the morning, I will see the daily
brief that I have from like everything
from the 3,000 Slack channels that I'm
in, like which things need my attention.
I can kind of message back and be like,
"All right, give me five questions and
I'll answer them and I can, you know, do
that."
>> How do you set that up? what's like the
workflow to for somebody to set that up
because that sounds amazing.
>> Again, I I think we're still in the like
discovery phase on on a lot of this. And
and so right now it's like I'm making an
automation that says or scheduled task
that says like I go through my Slack
channels. These are the things that I
care about and think are most important,
you know. So I'm still kind of defining
that like these are things to watch out
for different categories like here's
some context and you know I'll I'll you
know that'll get set up as a automated
task and then first few times it runs it
might need some steering and luckily
with this app you know I don't have to
find out how to edit the instructions I
can just be like hey next time this runs
like can you please worry about this
instead or can you deemphasize this
workstream or hey this thing happened
and it didn't come up in a brief like
can you make sure that stuff in the
shape so I can kind coach it along the
way. It'll update the way that it it
notifies me, stuff like that. Amazing. I
think in the future though, like this is
this has been a core problem with the
the chatbot shape, right? Is that I know
how to set this up. I have time to set
this up because for me it's product
discovery to set it up. But if you're
not working at OpenAI, not developing
this, like you don't want to have to
figure out all this stuff. Like we we we
need to like figure out that that shape
of things.
>> Yeah. What I'm hearing is I don't think
people realize that uh your app can act
a lot like open claw.
>> Yeah.
>> You was was people were so excited about
like you just talk to it, set up this
thing, check on this thing for me every
day and then tell me what's going on
like like it's starting to become a part
of all these all the products.
>> Uh which is amazing. So the way somebody
would set this up is they just talk
within the app and say I want to set up
an automation to do this. Look at my
Slack and these are the things I I want
to do.
>> Yeah. Great.
>> Yeah. And the app will say you know
>> Yeah. It'll set it up for you. If it
doesn't have a Slack connector, it'll
say, "Can I add the Slack connector?"
Yes or no? You can hit yes to that. Like
the least that we can do is make it so
that if you don't know how to do
something in the app, they can just ask
it, right? Yeah.
>> I don't think that's enough, but I think
that's the least we can do.
>> Yeah. A good example is I built this
little app that filters spammy email
forbox. So every email that comes in and
I built this in codeex. Uh every email
that comes in, it looks at it and
decides is this uns unsolicited kind of
cold email stuff that I don't want to
look at and labels it and puts it
somewhere else. And to set that up, one
of the steps was you have to go into
like the Google cloud console and set up
all these pups subhub API things and
triggers. I don't know if you've ever
used that interface. It's like so
annoying and slow, right? So I was like,
wait, what if I ask you to do it? And I
was like, okay, cool. Do this for me.
And it just you describe computer use.
I've never actually seen this happen on
my computer before. It just takes over
my computer and starts going there.
>> It's like I don't care if you don't have
a connector, man. I'll just start
clicking.
>> Yeah. And it figures it out. It's crazy
just to like watch it doing its thing.
>> Designing the decision boundary between
connectors. When to use the inapp
browser versus your Chrome extension
that's connected versus computer is
interesting and all done through just
like feeling it out. I saw a great
Twitter thread the other day where they
describe all these three and what you
use it for.
>> Yeah.
>> So, this person described it really
well.
>> These personal workflows are really
interesting because
some of them really click like some of
you know people are trying all sorts of
stuff. Everybody's making these personal
systems. You ask everybody here what
they do and everything's going to be
different and then like certain themes
arise and we're like you know what that
should be a first a first class
experience on the app. like we should
take this thing that everybody seems to
be setting up and just make that work.
And I think memory is sort of in the
shape where we've had a lot of people
and a lot of people at other companies
too are like well I set up an obsidian
base or a notion area and I tell it how
to basically build my mind palace and
how to put it's like I don't know if
everyone like you shouldn't have to do
that like there should be a memory
feature that does that for you right
that's pretty generic. So that's you
know that's one but then there are other
things like they're your process of your
job and there's something that like yeah
you should set that up but I think this
is we're constantly waiting through like
what's working for individual people
like what should what should enter the
product versus stay like no that's just
how you do your job right what should
become a primitive what shouldn't um
>> yeah this is the the taste and judgment
you spoke of earlier you know citing
these things I want to talk about this
browser use piece a little bit because I
think people don't realize how powerful
this is and what it could be used for.
Reminds me, I don't know if you watched
uh when Dan Shipper was on the podcast,
he had this from every he had this
prediction that we're going to start
using codeex to run our SAS apps inside.
>> Yeah.
>> So, instead of going in Chrome,
>> I know he slacks me about this every day
asking for stuff.
Do you feel like this is where things go
where we're just working within the
codeex app using notion and linear and
Salesforce inside with your agent kind
of helping you along or do you think
that's a kind of a different direction?
>> It's been Yeah, it's been really
interesting because obviously we've had
a few attempts at browser shaped
activity, right? And operator and tragic
de agent mode and atlas and now we have
the inapp browser inside of the desktop
app. We also have the the ability to
install a Chrome extension where the app
connects to Chrome. Like we've had a lot
of shapes at this and I think we've
we've learned a lot of different things.
There's there's a lot at play. There's a
lot of really boring things at play.
Like you know, we originally launched
the app. It's an Electron app. The
things that you can do with inapp
browsers and there it's it's like kind
of janky. So we had the the inapp
browser was for development. It was for
testing your front end on development.
And we were like it's not really for
anything else, guys. like it's it's a
developer tool, right? And then we we
switched over to our owl owl stack which
had powered the Atlas browser and so now
you know multitab and we've got
enterprise security so that you can
actually log into all your websites if
you're you know so uh we've been
iterating on this. I think the tough
thing has always been what should the
shape of this browser be like is this
something that is only for the agent
right that like you've got Chrome you
open Chrome you you know do your thing
in Chrome if you ask the desktop app it
opens up this browser that it can
control really quickly doesn't have the
latency of playright whatever but that
you know or are we trying to say this
app is for everything and like we want
you to use this as a browser and those
have a lot of trade-offs it's not super
you know welltraveled
path, right? Like most browsers are
browsers at the top level that got
browser tabs. Um, this creates a lot of
really boring but tedious problems like
keyboard shortcuts, right? Are we trying
to do key mapping to VS Code or to
Chrome or to our own thing or to linear
or like, you know, we want to have some
sort of muscle memory that carries over
but got all these things that have shape
like subshapes of different products out
on the market. What do we do? And this
just highlights how extra challenging
this app is where you have to allow it
to work for somebody that's never built
anything
>> from like the more basic user to like
power like Peter
>> Open Claw trying to code with it.
>> I I'm not convinced I'm going to get
Peter to use the app. I think he might
be the last terminal terminal hold out.
Okay.
>> But I'm going to I'm going to keep
trying.
>> Okay. Let me uh let me zoom out for a
moment and talk about kind of the big
picture of where you're taking all this.
What's the what's kind of the vision for
for Codex? Where does this go? What's it
going to look like? You know, I don't
know, a year or two, 10 years.
>> We had Codeex as a CLI, right? And then
we decided to build this app. And, you
know, we were we were a little uncertain
about the app and um but had a lot of
conviction in what it could be as to
start a developer tool, right? That
>> Yeah.
>> and it wasn't going to be an IDE. It was
going to be this right-sized surface
where it was like sort of a chatbot, but
it was more than that and you could see
the code, but we weren't going to let
you edit the code. There's a really
interesting thing that happened at
OpenAI in January in February, and it
was before we actually released the
Codex app, which is that we'd started to
dog food the Codex app. And
what we were finding like we were
converging on some pretty clear internal
PMF on engineering right and research
workflows. They were thrilled. They were
loving it. We were like all right we
just got to get the quality bar up
before we release it to the world. We're
convinced that this will be a thing. But
then at the company we spun up a few
other workflows to say hey like this
Codex effort is onto something with
these coding agents and we have people
from marketing from comms from finance
from legal from basically every
discipline who are using this codeex app
even though it is actively hostile to
these people right it is like trying to
show them code it's trying to ask for
approval to run RG on the you know it's
like it's doing all of these things that
are actively not the right product
surface for them. So why don't we take
our other surfaces and add codecs to
them? Like let's add it to the chatd
desktop app. Let's add it to the atlas
browser, right? And let's essentially
take the lessons of codeex and make it
more general for a general knowledge
work tool, right? And those efforts went
for a little bit and the the most
annoying problem happened which is
nobody would leave the Codex app for the
apps that were allegedly for these other
personas. And I think the lesson in all
of this was just that like the whole
developer tool versus general knowledge
work tool like there's a lot of nuance
here that isn't just one or the other.
And I think we really we believe really
strongly in this and that there are
certainly in the same way that we talk
about the average of your role is like
what your role is now. This is true on
the product side too. People who are
doing Excel work don't want to see git
repository information. We know that.
But we also know we can tell a lot from
what they're doing about what kind of
work they do and we can start simple
grow the product complex as we feel is
needed. Right? Doesn't mean we don't
have modes, right? You might want some
modes for organizing your stuff and to
sort of be like legible about the the
ways that you enter the experience,
right? But we really believe strongly
that what we've built here is the right
shape to take take on like really deep
vertically focused things, right? We
work deeply with our finance team with
our team working on science team working
on legal, right? And and we say like if
we can build the right extensibility
primitives in the right general model,
then you can do anything with this,
right? And then our challenge is well
how do you you know how do you
generalize it? But this is kind of going
back to like the best desktop app that
we can build like what does that look
like? Um and so you know was Codex the
developer tool chatpt like where does
this go? This is how we think about it.
>> It is so interesting the point you made
that the Codex app was so like you did
such a good job getting people to be
aware it existed and so good to use and
fun to use that everyone's starting to
use that versus the chat GPT app. So
clearly the direction is combine them so
that you're not creating this confusion
which I know is you know things people
have been talking about this idea of com
bringing them together.
>> Somebody called it a super app and wish
they hadn't said that cuz now I have to
hear about the super app all day every
day. We'll get past it. Great.
>> Okay. But is that is that kind of the
not let's not call it a super app but
the idea is like one place people go to
do all the things. Is that the general
idea or TBD?
>> Yeah. I think what we see here is that
it's a great home base. It's a great
place to keep track of all of the things
that you have to do across different
surfaces and some of those things you do
all of it in the app. Some of those
things the app opens other apps to to do
right the app can connect to Excel so
that you know yes it has a spreadsheet
editor inside the app. Is that good
enough for people doing financial
modeling at OpenAI for raising billions
of dollars? Like probably not. Um, and
so the app talks directly to the addin
in Microsoft Excel on your desktop. When
it's done, you can close Excel, right?
And so it's not just about, hey, we're
drawing a rectangle on the screen and
everything needs to happen in that
rectangle. It's this thing should be a
home for you where you start work, you
end work, you automate work, and it uses
whatever you need to do. Right? There's
a there's a great story about we had
some videos that we shot in this room
for the original launch of the Codex app
and our in-house DX videographer Brent
then was tasked with editing all these
videos, right? And he edited all the
videos with Codex which was one of the
early like whoa what are people doing
with this thing, right? And the process
for why he decided to start using Codex
was really interesting. He started just
because he was curious if Codex could
edit videos. And so Codex is not a video
editor per se, right? It doesn't have
any of that UI in it, but um it was able
to understand that he used Premiere Pro.
It could do some edits by editing the
files that were backing what was on
screen in Premiere Pro, but it couldn't
do everything. So naturally, what Codex
then did was built itself an extension
that could be installed into Premiere
Pro that it could then talk to and say,
"Hey, Premiere Pro extension, can you
please change this marker inside of the
Premiere Pro app." That was pretty nuts
when we saw that happening. Um,
it's a great model, right? there are
these like specialty tools that
specialize in things and so we're trying
to do two things at once with Codex and
with now with chatgbt one is how can we
seamlessly
interact with these tools that you're
already using and say like we don't we
don't need to build a better video
editor for you right but like codeex and
chatd can use that video editor right it
can interact can hand stuff off to it
right so how can we do that and that's
often through um connectors or computer
use or even extensions in this case
right And then there is, you know, Dan
Shepard's thing, which is, hey, I have
these web apps that you can click around
and use, but I want to be able to open
these in codecs and have codeex do extra
stuff with it, right? And so those are
kind of like two models that are almost
inverse of each other that we're doing a
lot with both at the same time.
>> This premiere story is interesting to me
because it's another example of just be
more ambitious with these AI jobs. Like
you may may not know, maybe they could
do this thing. It's almost just like go
try go try out see if it figures it out.
I'm going to take us to a recurring
corner on the podcast that I call fail
corner.
And so the question for you is people
see people like you just like killing
it, just growing. Everything's winning.
Codeex is doing so great. This crazy
career, everything's up and to the
right. People may not see the times that
things didn't work out and things that
you launched that were failures. And so
these stories are really important for
people to hear that it's not all just a
win all the time. What's a story of a
time you failed in your career that
taught you something really important?
It's funny to hear that description
played back at me and like this is
perhaps the first time I've I've not
felt like I was failing. I mean, I was a
startup founder for a long time. I ended
up selling the company for parts
essentially, right? And it was just it
was years. It was a slog. It was heavily
regulated spaces. The whole thing felt
like a constant failure. Um I went to
this other startup and we were trying to
do some AI tools and in this also like
pretty locked down regulated industry
and that felt like just time after time
of trying things and it not working. So
to me it's been like I've failed
actually quite a lot and you know
sometimes it's just a point in time
where things line up like skill set
passion point in the market line up we
know with this project to bring what
we've learned with the codeex app and
marry it with chachi bt there have been
I don't know how many micro failures on
this where we're like this is the shape
it should look like and then throw that
in slack and there's like a 2,000
message thread about how stupid we are
and it's like that this is the thing I
love about opening eye is people will
just tell us that right there's there's
no uh there's no holding back on like
when we fail with product things
internally it's why the external product
has been pretty great is because it goes
through these cycles of like
>> 2000 this sucks
>> I failed for like I don't know somewhere
between 10 and 15 years before getting
to this point so I'm still surprised
every day that things are going well
like and I know it I like but
>> I think this is really important for
people to
that you can have a lot of things not
work out and then things start to work
out super well and it's just keep going
and keep learning I imagine is is a
lesson. Well, with that we're uh we
reached our very exciting lightning
round. I've got five questions for you.
>> Great. Here we go. Uh what are two or
three books that you find yourself
recommending most to other people?
>> See man, I'm I'm a parent now. I'm a
parent of young kids, so I I'm like I
don't know. There's one called The Gruff
to my kids. I Oh my god. Our kid just
got obsessed with the Gruff.
>> Yes.
>> Uh we have like a a bedtime chart and
now it's like pajamas, brush teeth,
books, gruff uh on blankie.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's so good.
>> So other books I'm reading right now are
like that style. I'm like actually The
Gruff is not a terrible one. I feel like
there's some less.
>> So sweet. Yeah. Although every kids book
is about death. Like someone's eating
someone, someone's killing. There's
always like bad like murder.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And and destruction
>> like violence
>> even when it doesn't feel like violence
to them that like the words that there's
like
>> it creates like an arc and excitement.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. Great choice, Gruffle.
>> I currently have a book backlog. I I
need like I need to read all of them.
>> Any other children's books that that
your kid likes?
>> Okay. So, yes, actually um I am well
versed on children's space. My favorite
children's book ever is a very old one
and it's called The Big Orange Spot or
some something along those lines. Look
it up. It's great. Go get it. Um if you
hate HOAs, go get it. It's about um this
guy, Mr. Plumbing, who lives on a street
where all the houses are the same. It's
very neat street and then one day a bird
drops a large can of orange orange paint
on his house and he says, "F it." Like
I'm going all in. So he goes to the
store, he gets paint, hammocks,
alligators, and he like totally redo his
house, and the neighbors like they're up
in arms, right? Like, you know, HOA
property value, whatever, whatever. Um,
it's not about HOAs, but I very anti-HOA
person. It's just really cool. And then
like one by one, the neighbors go talk
to them, have uh what they refer to as
lemonade, but like it's a very
convincing lemonade because one by one,
they all start redoing their house. Like
one guy does like a boat, right? I think
I think that's a good book. I think
people need to read this when they're
especially, you know, newbies.
>> What I hear from this is agency.
>> Agency. Exactly. You can just do things.
>> Just do things. Amazing. Okay, we'll
keep going. Uh favorite recent movie or
TV show you really enjoyed if you've had
any time.
>> So, The Magic School Bus is back um on
Netflix. It's It's a new animated. It's
got Kate McKinnon because Miss Frizzle
is now Professor Frizzle and she's, you
know, around but she's not the main
Frizzle now. Kate McKinnon plays the
main Miss Frizzle. Yeah, I always liked
the magic school bus.
>> I've never used it.
>> Personally, like I don't have time for
movies. So, what I do is watch hourong
Netflix things back to back. You know
that thing that people do like
>> Oh, I couldn't sit I couldn't sit down
and watch a whole movie and then like
watch hourong episodes and keep Yeah,
>> I did. Some There's something addicting
about that.
>> Favorite product you've recently
discovered that you really love.
>> What was a terrible answer? I feel like
I'm discovering our product every day.
Beautiful.
>> That's so
>> I think linear linear does a great job.
Like linear until until this linear was
like my favorite at least software
product.
>> Is that what you guys used to to plan
in?
>> Well, in theory.
>> Do you have a favorite life motto that
you find yourself coming back to in work
or in life? I want to ask everyone who
works with me this because I I I feel
like I'm not a motto person and then
people tell me stuff I say all the time.
>> Yeah. Like when we were chatting ahead
of this, there's so many little nuggets
that stood out to me that I've
integrated into this chat. So I I
totally hear that. Okay, last question.
You've been a PM, you've been a
designer, you've been an engineer. Which
is the toughest role of the three? Which
is like the hard to start a war?
>> Yes. I know. I I think they're all very
different. I the things that make it
tough for one person make it easy for
others. There's a lot there's so much so
many takes on this and like this triad.
What's going to happen with this triad?
Like designers are done or like should
designers code? Are PMs cooked? Like are
engine do we not need engineers anymore
because PMs are going to write all the
code? Or are designers going to PM now?
And like everybody's cooked and
everybody's so back and I don't know
like there's some convergence. There's
some fluidity that is being introduced
that I think is refreshing and great
especially for people with agency that
want to be able to just like do the
thing that needs to get done. Um and at
the same time like we talked about there
are some things that shouldn't go away
but I think people should find the stuff
that's worth working on and go figure
out what to do on those things. That is
a beautiful way to end it. Andrew, thank
you so much for being here.
>> Thank you. Bye everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.
I love that thing about Brent in the
Premiere.
>> Yeah,
>> that's cool. I've actually used edit
edits as well. It's basically
>> simple stuff like, oh, could you just
cut this into the three breaks, you
know, like if there's a pause in
conversation like the second and CEX
understands it. Basically, every job we
feel like starts with a story like this,
which is the product's not designed for
it, but it's sort of a blank chatbot
that can write code. So, it can do
everything, but like what
>> what are the useful things for it to do,
>> right? I mean, people just have to have
curiosity about the project. They they
have to,
>> you know, have an in an intentional
outcome and use codeex as the platform
for that just to see what happens,
>> you know, because there's no risk at
all,
>> right? just a few tokens.
>> Few tokens.
>> But of course, if you're working for
OpenAI, there's less risks on that
regard.
>> Yeah. You asked um
>> one of them like what or a lot of them
actually like what skills are important
and like then then you've also had
conversations about like the cracked new
grad versus the
>> like
>> I don't know if you're married to the
exact process you have right now like
that. I don't know what advice to ever
give, but if there's one piece, it's
like do not get married to your exact
process. Get married to like the
outcomes that you are uniquely able to
deliver
>> and then do things like change your
process to try things. Like
>> you just keep
>> I'm the best at understanding Figma auto
layout like
>> right
>> what are you doing,
>> right? Cuz AI is going to be better at
that also.
>> You just keep spouting interesting
things.
>> Keep it in. It's crazy the level of
self-awareness that's required to like
be successful with AI.
>> It is.
>> Yeah.
>> It's also why I'm nervous to ever say
like this is how something's going to be
cuz I think about like my parents are
open-minded people. They are into their
careers but just like the stuff that
works here is just not going to it's not
going to work with everybody. There's no
nice way of saying that,
>> you know, but like the people who are
here are self- selecting for
like, oh, I'm somebody who just figures
out the next thing to do and that's just
not like most of the population will not
be an early adopter of things.
>> And there's also just like it's kind of
like a a bummer to have to relearn
things all the time. Yeah.
>> You know, it's like god damn it
>> just to learn a new thing again.
>> Yeah. Like I I hate repetition. This is
like a me thing. I don't. This is why
I'm like not ever the best media person
either cuz I just like I hate repeating
myself.
>> Perfect.
>> Um sucks to be a founder when you hate
repeating yourself cuz you you like have
to
>> repeater and chief.
>> Um and so like to me I'm like if I can
come in and do my job in a different way
every day. Love it.
>> But like that's not
>> You found product market fit for your
job.
>> Yes. Yeah. No, that's how that's I like
can't negotiate because I'm like well I
don't want other jobs.
Amazing,
man.